that hasn't come yet because she didn't
want to Marina Tell me it
gives me a little No either let's see yes it's
true that the other day well I
think I told it Ah but I already
told it before no what about Marta she doesn't get
to tell her about the argument no let's see either
To what extent is it appropriate either that she
went to see an argument the other day
when the live show ended that Marta
was watching I think she didn't take it
well because the fact that I said that it's
like Cristina also understood and it's
not that it's about her understanding
really she didn't understand any no but
really seeing it there it's not the same seeing it
from home and seeing everything that was happening on
the set and seeing how it looks from home than
experiencing it there what I experienced there I understood
both and I didn't understand any I mean
because it was like on a professional level a
little embarrassing and unnecessary so
yes it's true that when I saw Marta
in the plan of recording recording recording
out of her mind that also It's that
I approached her later to talk to
her you know like Marta calm down there was
no  way is that there was no way there was
no way and I said maybe if I
and it's what I said before directly if they
gave me the choice maybe in what it is
in the mere photocall in terms of
behavior I understand Cristina a little more and the thing is that
Marta no can't handle with you
know It has to be everything as
she says what since no and no and no and
I'm not stupid here either you know and that no
and that I've known Marta for many
years That there are already many photocalls or
many things and I think that it's not fair that
against one with a person who within
what is possible tries to shed a bit of
a halo of light on her person and on
that the one who half understands her and such
sheds a bit of that anger no I mean I
think that it shouldn't go against me when
80% of the profession would have to
ask them then it bothers me it
bothered me sincerely then Well that's it
each one each one will know I that I know
each one is that she is as she is and that's it that there are
people who support her it seems to me there are
people who understand her there are people who are not
going to applaud everything she does  what
happens is that it is true that watching
those videos and seeing the state she
is in, it kind of takes away my
desire to I mean, I wouldn't criticize her in a
fierce way or make comments like I
see on Twitter that are super hurtful towards
her You know because first of all, empathy
regardless of whether there are people who
think that this is a bit of playing with
Mental Health Which is drawing attention to herself I
think that Marta is not well
but I would never tell her like
Cristina Porta did Marta you are not well you know
like messing with her that's why I
tell you you know then
gosh that I think that the cool and healthy thing is
in fact that here we hear
different opinions and exchange
even within the same opinion
Well with nuances Well you and we argue you
know that I think that the cool thing is not to
all agree because if not in fact
television If everyone thought the same there would be no
programs I don't think so let's say it would be
a pain talking No but I am surprised
that
to complain about your opinion, like yeah yeah
she does something and now
suddenly you don't agree or I don't
agree another day and the
tool  that you say it with respect That's why that's why
but that's why I tell you that I
think that she's like in a very
defensive moment, very
irascible, very, so that's why I
say that this Marta
clashes a lot with the Marta of November
with whom I was, you know, like two
different Martas who I understand are
overwhelmed by the situation, I understand
that she has a lot accumulated. Well, that's why I say that
I think that what I would do in her
situation is take a break in every
sense of social networks, television, and
dedicate myself to her, to her, and to building
herself so that everything that happens around her does
n't affect her to that point in
her life and you don't need to be a
psychologist for these guidelines. You don't
know what I want to tell you, I don't know, it makes me feel
sorry, I hope it doesn't end. I don't know. I do
n't know,
like the other time, like this streak of, what I do
believe is
completely incompatible, at this point,
her job at Telecinco is completely incompatible
with her personal life because let's
see,
transferring him to another more
conventional job, another more common job.
Imagine that your partner
has this problem, that  level with
[Music]
with the company where you work in the
end you don't end up in the company and on top of that it
's the type of job that is that it is a
job of opinion that everyone
talks about that it is a public job but it
is public present if it is what you have
commented before that it is a supermarket it
is a job that is not such
my partner has been able to have a problem in
that job but if I work there what is it going to
me that it affects me no
my partner stands there with a megaphone
saying bastard Yes but if not I mean
criminals that I am a criminal Of course of
course
and you from time to time Well you also
get into that which is I see that already
working in Antena 3 well she
working in Antena 3 imagine she has
a job in an Antena 3 program she
in her networks you put types of things nothing would
happen to her but you know what happens that is that of
course Here also Marta has
entered not only She is
Antonio David's partner but Marta has entered
to defend the cause of Antonio David of
the lux operation But because
she has also been splashed by the
factory  from television and she has felt
harassed and a campaign and takedown that has
evidently existed So then
in the end Jorge Javier and the
television factory do not have the
power that they would like to have to
fire her for continuing with Antonio
David Instead of having
gone to Slvame with them to have accepted the
Slvame contract, they do not have the power that they would
like to have to fire her but
they do a series of things Until they
get that for h for B she ends up out What a
thing, well look now for example
this one that just happened is one
if you keep putting pressure on her they keep putting pressure on her they keep putting pressure on her
What does any person do
let's see It's that I put myself in
her place that with any of the
people that I have had
serious, serious, serious, serious problems
Okay and I meet them in person and they
start to berate me they start to
humiliate me they start to insult me that I
think I'm dressed So if I'm not
professional when I have gone there to
work and apart from that I know that they from their
platform are live at the same time
making more comments on set than  I'm not
listening,
I jump and then the sun comes out from
wherever it comes but I jump and I get my
batteries going okay Of course you say maybe at a
more intelligent level then he tells you Well
then tell him what you have to say without
going into light operations and such that
for me that is the issue no longer so much he
mentioned Borja Prado but
light operation and also I sent him a WhatsApp at the
time I told him he keeps
mentioning light operation Diego was
fired for mentioning light operation and
I was his substitute how strong and you were a
substitute do you remember I mean Diego was
fired from Telecinco without working in the
TV factory without getting along with
the TV factory Diego Rabal was
fired Diego Arrabal during the week did
an interview with Javier Negra where they
talked about the summary of the
deluxe operation look at me here that Loli is
clarifying because I thought he had gotten
angry But because yes it is true
that let's see I understand that there are people I
understand that there are people who
and more specific people who have more
relationship with the family or what such And
I  I'm glad I'm glad that there are people who
despite that listen to all kinds of
opinions because on social networks in
General we see a lot of fanaticism and
precisely in this community no I don't see
that fanaticism and I like that
community whatever it's called or
wonderful people who are here a lot of good
well all I list all those who are there those who are it's
true wonderful people you can
call
us we have already understood
to defend nobody that we are only
going to say the positive and
negative things there is no tendency but but
some of my collaborators do not like
something about Antonio Navo or Marta they will
say it and that's it It's okay I
want to tell you that they are not perfect that they
make mistakes thank God because a
television character Perfect is a
pain I mean I love people who are
really wrong Marta made
mistakes there were a lot Antonio David
too Olga all I mean the
perfect characters what do we do with them I mean
what do we do with I'm going to give an example
a character the typical
Perfect character Well it's hard to find eh the
truth
understand me Well a perfect character
a Beatriz Cortzar for example well
No neither a a journalist a profile like that
very white of a character to  in the end
well no no we see it as complicated,
of the content that
we see,
that the people of gosh we like to see
how they make mistakes well we criticize their
mistakes and we also applaud not when they
do things right I don't know I don't know it
seems that there are people who get upset
when or rather it seems like they support
a person and everything that revolves around
that person is perfect so I
think that our obligation in
quote marks is also to put a little
sanity not to say Hey we believe that something is
wrong here Because it is
becoming incoherent here that we are being
managed well but the thing is that there are people
who tell you it is not obvious you can
see it But what a feather duster if there is no
feather duster
eh There
is the one who wants to put the truth on
me they can put me green too
[Music]